Fusion content (#7794)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/fusion/new-concepts.md

pagination_prev: null
---

# New concepts

<VersionBlock lastVersion="1.99">

import FusionBeta from '/snippets/_fusion-beta-callout.md';

<FusionBeta />

</VersionBlock>

<IntroText>

> The dbt Fusion engine [fully comprehends your project's SQL](/blog/the-levels-of-sql-comprehension), enabling advanced capabilities like dialect-aware validation and precise column-level lineage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The <Constant name="fusion_engine" /> [fully comprehends your project's SQL](/blog/the-levels-of-sql-comprehension), enabling advanced capabilities like dialect-aware validation and precise column-level lineage.
```
